The Joe Rogan experience. And I'm not immune to getting canceled.
I'm sure I've said before that. Just waiting to resurface on that roast.
Oh my God. I was scared to do the rose.
I was like this stuff isn't gonna age. Well,
you know, it's scary. You went hard in the paint. Oh dude.
I w I was supposed to go so much harder to, yeah. I had to cut a lot of jokes.
You have to cut a lot of jokes because Caitlyn Jenner didn't want us talking
about her car crash. So Jesus Christ,
that was like the bulk of my material. Don't be here.
I know she didn't even know that it was possible that we were going to do that.
Oh my gosh. I was like,
I know comedy central told me they're like, listen,
we don't think Caitlin knows that those jokes are coming. And I was like,
will you tell her, or will someone give her a heads up? Like, and they're like,
we don't want to alert her. Cause she might not want to do it now.
So who decided to not do the jokes?
I was doing the jokes around town to get ready for it.
Like I was going like Caitlyn Jenner, uh, such a beautiful woman.
You killed with your car four years ago. You know, stuff like that. Right. Um,
I love doing, keeping up with the car crashing. It's just like different things.
Um, uh, I love that you, um,
I love that you're a woman that can't mend straight yet.
You still managed to have blood on your hands,
like great jokes and you can't mend straight
menstruate menstruate yet. You still manage it. Yeah. You can't get your period,
but you still managed to have blood on your hands. And um,
and I was sticking to it and they were like my favorite jokes of my set.
They like did the, like worked the best.
I was working in the setup for like a month before. And, um,
who told you to not do them? Well, comedy central strongly advised me not to.
They never said you can't. They've never said that to me,
which is not true because Caitlyn Jenner heard the
morning of they had a call with her the morning of the roast that she had heard.
Apparently someone's doing jokes about me and my car crash.
And if they do, if I hear the, a single,
that was a very devastating thing that happened to that family and a woman lost
her life. And if there's a joke about it, I will walk.
And that's what I told gummy central. That would've been awesome.
Before I heard this, I was like, if she gets upset, cause they were like,
if she gets upset, there might be a moment where, you know, she,
the cameras go to the promise.
I was going first and I was doing all the jokes about the car crash. Now,
if I would have upset her first off,
then the whole show is thrown off and it's weird in the room. I said,
bad press is good. Press is going to get written up so much more.
You guys come on, you should have said, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.
And just went up and did it. I was going to Josh. I was going to go,
just don't put the jokes in the prompter.
Cause then they haven't signed off on it. I'm going rogue, you know?
So go Rogan. So I, um,
so I went up or so that morning I woke up and I was still kind of like,
maybe I'll do a softer version of those jokes. I was gonna, I was gonna mess,
tweak them a little bit. I was going to say Caitlyn Jenner,
what a beautiful woman you accidentally killed with your,
I was going to add the word accidentally just to like soften it and make it more
factual. Yeah. Um, and then see how many center called?
And they said that she had said, she'll walk.
And that's when I decided I'm not going to do it.
I don't want this woman to walk off stage. I don't want it.
I don't want to really, as.
I just think it's so strange that we're calling her a woman. I love it.
I love the chaos of it. Like I love this love this woman. Like, oh yeah.
It's not.
I'm so proud of myself when I don't even have to think about it anymore.
Because for awhile it was like, make sure you say woman, make sure you say.
The worst example of it because she's such a dummy. Like when, when she talks,
it's just like, it's so it's like disappointing.
I go wish you had more insight on it. Like there's,
there's women that transition brilliant.
Just like dumb men begin transition to women.
And then they're suddenly like these amazing women,
but they were like a dumb guy.
Yeah. He was a dumb guy. He was a, he was a male Kardashians.
And then all of a sudden he's like celebrated Marnell grantors, Walmart,
vault prime, or wonder woman over the year. You know what,
but the best purpose that he serves, she serves for Kyle Dunnigan,
his Instagram feed. Oh my God. Kyle does it.
That's another thing that comedy central cut-out comedy central was doing a Kyle
Dunnigan show where it was all like face swap. And uh, he had a bit where, um,
where Caitlin was Donald Trump and she was on top of Donald Trump.
It was God damned hilarious. He was showing it to me.
I was in the green room of the comedy store crying. I mean crying Latin.
And he's like comedy central cut that I'm like, no, no, these are,
they can't do it. What, what, what are you talking about?
You got a face swap show. No one was naked. It was,
she was just on top of Donald Rogers, our war, you know?
So it would have been so good. He's genius. He's genius. The, the funniest part,
one of the funniest people don't all ever know.
For sure. The funniest ever Instagram feeds. Sure.
His Instagram street feed is a monster. I go to it every couple of days.
Cause it takes a while for him to create those.
Oh,
I get so excited when he puts a new one on him and Tim Dillon on there make me
laugh a lot. Yes.
Some people are so.
Funny.
And Tim, because Tim is gay because he's like this. He's like,
he looks like you'd be a frat boy. But then you find out that he's gay.
It's like, whoa, you can get away with a lot more.
Yeah. He really can. He is great. And he's sober.
Which is crazy.
Cause he's like this guy's gotta be on hard drugs when he's doing that.
Meghan McCain, depression. Like what kind of drugs? This guy on she's on air
breathing. Air drinking water. And he's keto now. Oh yeah. You need.
To eat. Oh my.
God. He's well, he got freaked out by a couple of people's health.
What? He's got a new one. Oh, what is he doing here? Oh my God. This.
Is.
Sniffles. I want to thank beach body for making me their spokesperson.
I've been using their products since the beginning. I'm a triathlete.
He's lost a lot of weight though. Yeah. Getting slimmer.
Quito. He got scared. You said.
Well, yeah. I mean, you know, he's, he's, he's, he's,
he's very heavy and you know, he just was realizing through Meghan McCain.
Me a Meghan. We came.
The only gal on the panel who held up a Boston market this weekend.
I'm going to talk a little bit about guns. Okay.
A lot of people in the media have never shot a gun and they've certainly never
masturbated with one. They have no idea what the they're talking my guns,
not for sale, but my is and the prices PF Chang's.
I called him when his friends used to hunt me in the backyard,
I would run around and they'd shoot at me. And my father said, if we hit her,
the only thing that's going to come out is whipped cream. He was hilarious.
The AR 15 is the most popular gun in America.
And it's the only thing that's ever made me come. I liked my.
You don't tell me what guns I can own or what people.
He's nuts. And he knows she's seen that. Oh no, no. She's seen.
That poor Megan to have seen that. Yeah.
Yeah. My God.
He, yeah. He's uh, we were talking about, uh, the BR. So anyway,
I just decided not to do the jokes because I didn't want to upset her.
And it was, it sucked because it would've been nice to know leading up to that.
Right. Cause I was preparing, but who cares? I just didn't want to,
I don't want to make people feel bad.
I'm going to walk. Yeah. Mine. What do you expect?
I mean,
you had Alec Baldwins daughter come up and tell jokes about what a horrible
daddy is. And you can't,
you can't own up to the fact that you crashed into someone. Yeah. So what did,
did you make any jokes about her?
Yeah. Um, I said, uh,
I just made fun of the fact that she was a terrible father at one point and like
abandoned one of her families to go do a reality show.
So I really leaned into that. Yeah.
She had Brody Jenner and a couple others. Yeah.
He's the most famous of her sons,
but she had a whole family before the Kardashians that like,
she didn't watch grow up, even though they were just like down the road,
down the PCH.
Yeah. Do you know that for a fact? Yeah.
Yeah. It was like an episode of the Kardashians where she was like,
I wasn't around for your lives. And uh, yeah,
but she was like so nice during the, when I was doing the jokes, she was like,
so happy about all the jokes about her abandoning her family. She was like,
I love him.
Oh, what's the death one that she has a problem with because that was,
it was weird because it happened during the celebration of her becoming a woman.
Yeah.
She was right in the thick of the transition and they had a
settlement. She settled,
I think there was some kind of fault who knows accidental,
but she did not want to relive it. Who would write.
But listen, I had a guy with my car once. Yeah. I almost killed him.
It was terrible. Um, no, he did not walk right after,
I mean on the street when you hit him garbage man picking up,
collecting across the street, jumped out from the car, didn't see him.
I was 16 just to got my license and he flew up on the hood and flew into the
grass. I thought I'd killed him. And it was terrifying.
And he sued me four years later. Right.
Under the statute of limitations and I had to go to court and then it came out
on the stand that he was a child molester. And so I won. Yeah.
It was kind of karma. Yeah. Pick the right person. You pick the right.
Holy. He's a.
Child molester. Have you ever, ever almost killed someone?
No. No. Luckily yeah. That's crazy.